today I am going to show you how to set
up a wireless printer in Ubuntu in this
example I will be using the Epson Stylus
and X 620 I have already connected the
printer to the wireless router with the
buttons on the printer we just need to
set it up in Ubuntu
to begin open printers from the menu at
the top right of the desktop
the printer configuration window will
pop-up click Add to add a new printer
since we are doing a wireless printer I
will expand the network printer menu as
you see it already detected the printer
if it doesn't select fine printer
select your printer and click forward
Ubuntu will then look for drivers for
the printer
there we go it found a driver for the
printer click activate to download and
install it
it will ask for your password
wait as it download
and installs the driver for you
after the driver installs you will be
given the option to name and add details
to your printer I'll just leave it
default and click apply
just like that you're all set you can
print a test page if you'd like
I will provide a link in the description
below for the printer used in this
tutorial if you liked this video be sure
to give it a thumbs up subscribe if you
would like to see more you into videos
like this one